# Recover-Strength-Recover-Spirit-Recover-7StarsMastery-gmail.com
Matthew 12:30-32: "Whoever is not with me is against me, and whoever does not gather with me scatters. And so I tell you, any sin and blasphemy can be forgiven. But blasphemy against the Spirit will not be forgiven. Anyone who speaks a word against the Son of Man will be forgiven, but anyone who speaks against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven, either in this age or in the age to come."


Dear G-Team, I have been a reasonable & responsible G-mail accounts holder and honest paying customer through G-mail for 10+ years anniversary and am disappointed to see this <1 year old account suddenly become "disabled." I receive invoices, including from my bank lawsuit payouts to me and updates from TurboTax news, and I pay my bills through Gmail, so I created this new account because of recent inconvenience of diminishing mailbox space to forward carbon copies of my financial records. We just had a conversation with a friend with real life disability on Voice.google and read yesterday Ray Kurzweil head of Google's prestigious department of innovations invented accessibility devices for the blind. We use Gmail to pay 2-4th generational Venture Capitalists in Silicon Valley. I use Gmail to send money to my political leaders in Democratic across cities in America and back and forth from Washington because of the work they do for us in public service. It is unfortunate this "disabled" terminology is being used on my new account where I feel disrespected as a decade long email holder, friend and donor to disabled people's causes (1/4 millions of Americans loosely qualify) who only writes messages within warm friendship contacts circles and see no life harming policy from Google has been transgressed other than my own personal privacy, potential financial records of my transactions, and donations to respectable, verified and charitable causes. If Gmail is freely using citizens and taxpayer accounts to send invoices, bills, bank promotionals, legal notices, donations and unsolicited marketing emails from real hackers, censorship of citizens who are paid, pay, and play fairly by rules for the past 10+ years should be given serious consideration: Not a dismissive, ill-timed sudden lockdown without adequate notification, user consent, proper causes, due diligence, community arbitration (Google is founded upon American principles of Democracy), and permanent hostage holding of ordinary consumer user messages is detrimental to democratic ideals. Imagine the damage such a policy of sudden suspension could cause if a life saving emergency message was attempted to sent only for Google to intercept or fail to deliver -- the consequences would be extremely sever, a life could be needlessly lossed under Google and Alphabet's name. Please reconsider such policy and the example listed above where G-Voice and Ray Kurzweil used this technology to benefit all humankind, inclusively of the disability community as well. Please do not let his and Stanford philanthropists' be tarnished or impeded by a frivolous suspicion of one (normal, yet urgent) user's email suspension. Please open 7starsmastery@gmail.com. Activate 7starsmastery@gmail.com again, my email account. Thank you -- Kevin
